# Assignment2_MySQL
This directory contains a Python program, DML statements, and Stored Procedures.
The main program interfaces with the provided DDL and DML and created DML statements to
1. List all products that are out of stock.
2. Find the total number of orders placed by each customer.
3. Display the details of the most expensive product ordered in each order. 
4. Retrieve a list of products that have never been ordered. 
5. Show the total revenue (price * quantity) generated by each supplier.
6. Add a new order. This includes inserting records into both the Orders and OrderDetails tables and updating the stock quantity of a product after an order is placed.
7. and Exit the Program

* The program continues to prompt the user for options until the exit the program

## Identifying Information

* Name: Kevin Le
* Student ID: 2406054
* Email: kevle@chapman.edu
* Course: CPSC 408
* Assignment: Assignment2_MySQL

## Source Files

* main.py

## References

* Limit amount of chars: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28465779/how-do-i-limit-the-amount-of-letters-in-a-string
* Regex was used from CPSC 408 class notes

## Known Errors

* Putting a date number that does not make sense (ie. 2023-99-99) will cause an error during insertion.
* Deleting records in Datagrip or Pycharm will cause inconsistent auto_increment values of primary int keys.
* Users can only order a single item through the stored procedure.
* Unknown behavior from Stored Procedure if a user tries to order an out-of-stock item. (negative quantities)

## Execution Instructions

* python3 main.py

